hey you too bitch program here coming
yes with this quick video in this video
I'm going to show you guys how to get
slide away now slide away is this really
cool trick for your lock screen that you
guys are seeing right there it replaces
that old boring slide to unlock with
this quo new-looking bar and more
information down below you also get a
couple more options but i'll show you
that later on so first of all on the
left top part of the bar that you get
you do have an icon for internet so you
can click into it and it will take you
to your safari application you also have
on the right side an icon for your email
so if you click on it it takes you
directly to your email now all this can
be accessed from your lock screen so
this is pretty cool down below you do
have the amount of text messages emails
and push notifications that you haven't
read or seen so if for example I haven't
read one text message I haven't read 54
emails and I haven't seen for push
notifications so that gives you a lot
more stuff on your lock screen that
looks a lot cooler now this is just a
screen shop and I'm actually going to
show you guys what it would look like
live so I'm going to close my phone and
then turn it back on so there you go now
if i were to slide up you'll get more
options down below you do have the
option right here this little bar or
toggle to control your brain and so if i
were to click on it and drag down it
does turn off my brightness and if i
were to go all the way up turns it all
the way up now set it to about right
here it's pretty good down below you do
have a dock with a more icons now those
icons do look like that they don't look
like it would for you guys because i am
currently running a theme on my iphone
so that's why they look a little
different but basically i have email
right there text messages and next to it
then phone and then music so those are
the ones that i have set up for this
tweak now if i were to click on to email
or safari it has already said it takes
you directly to their now to unlock your
phone you are basically just going to
slide down instead of to the side and
that is basically it now i'm going to
show you guys how to set it up i will
have links down below in the description
so just go check that out there to the
sources that you're going to need to
install in cydia to get this one source
is going to be just for the actual tweak
itself and the other one
for themes that are included or that you
can get for this tweak because there are
themes out right now so you can get
those so I'm going to actually show you
guys once you already have it installed
how to enable it and set it up and all
that so basically all you're going to
want to do is open up your settings and
scroll all the way down to where your
tweets and stuff are and look for slide
away so click into it and there we go
you have the options to enable them to
enable the tweak then you can go once
you've downloaded the themes go into
themes and choose them so that's that
then you have notifications you can turn
on the notification labels and turn on
the battery notifications or turn them
off whichever you prefer you can go over
here and change the label colors you do
have a variety of colors to choose from
as well as background you can choose the
colors there now you also do have slight
up doc which is the doc on the lock
screen with the applications if you go
and click onto your dock style you have
real doc or custom dock whichever you
prefer you can go back and click into
apps and dock so you can either have
three for maximum five now you can go
back and choose the application so the
first icon would be whatever you want it
to be and that is basically it for that
then you also do have the bar you can
change it as I you saw i had safari in
mail but you can change it to whichever
you prefer by just clicking into it so
that is that and then finally you do
have the animations you can set it to
how fast you want the animations to
occur so that is basically how you would
set up and enable a slide away so yeah
that is basically slide away I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video I
really hope this does help you out in my
opinion it is really cool i would give
it a 10 out of 10 actually nine out of
10 I changed my mind because you can't
click into these which is something that
kind of does suck I would prefer to
click into him and more information come
up but you know what it doesn't look too
bad so I would give it a nine out of 10
I really recommend you guys go get them
so yeah this is basically been my quick
video for slide away if you have any
further comments or questions leave them
down below in the comments section if
you want to see more information along
with the sources to all the stuff that I
talked about go down below into the
description there will also be more
stuff that I didn't cover in this video
also if you like this video then click
the like button over there in the bottom
left corner of the video and if you want
two more videos like this or just want
to keep funny on YouTube then click the
subscribe button up there somewhere so
yeah this has been text shows you and I
will see you guys next time peace